c:\users\vinud\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KuriApp\KuriApp\obj\Debug\VPos.Forms.ApplicationSettings.resources
c:\users\vinud\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KuriApp\KuriApp\obj\Debug\KuriApp.Home.resources
c:\users\vinud\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KuriApp\KuriApp\obj\Debug\KuriApp.Login.resources
c:\users\vinud\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KuriApp\KuriApp\obj\Debug\KuriApp.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\vinud\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KuriApp\KuriApp\obj\Debug\KuriApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\vinud\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KuriApp\KuriApp\bin\Debug\KuriApp.exe.config
c:\users\vinud\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KuriApp\KuriApp\bin\Debug\KuriApp.exe
c:\users\vinud\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KuriApp\KuriApp\bin\Debug\KuriApp.pdb
c:\users\vinud\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KuriApp\KuriApp\bin\Debug\MaterialSkin.dll
c:\users\vinud\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KuriApp\KuriApp\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Design.dll
c:\users\vinud\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KuriApp\KuriApp\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.dll
c:\users\vinud\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KuriApp\KuriApp\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Fonts.dll
c:\users\vinud\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KuriApp\KuriApp\bin\Debug\System.Data.SqlLocalDb.dll
c:\users\vinud\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KuriApp\KuriApp\obj\Debug\KuriApp.exe
c:\users\vinud\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KuriApp\KuriApp\obj\Debug\KuriApp.pdb
C:\Users\vinud\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KuriApp\KuriApp\obj\Debug\KuriApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\vinud\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KuriApp\KuriApp\obj\Debug\KuriApp.Reports.CallReport.resources
C:\Users\vinud\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KuriApp\KuriApp\obj\Debug\KuriApp.Reports.CustomerReport.resources
C:\Users\vinud\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KuriApp\KuriApp\obj\Debug\KuriApp.KuriMasterDetails.resources
C:\Users\vinud\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KuriApp\KuriApp\obj\Debug\KuriApp.KuriMasterForm.resources
C:\Users\vinud\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KuriApp\KuriApp\obj\Debug\KuriApp.KuriPayments.resources
C:\Users\vinud\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KuriApp\KuriApp\obj\Debug\KuriApp.Sub_forms.Agents.resources
C:\Users\vinud\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KuriApp\KuriApp\obj\Debug\KuriApp.Sub_forms.Users.resources
C:\Users\vinud\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KuriApp\KuriApp\bin\Debug\DAL.dll
C:\Users\vinud\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KuriApp\KuriApp\bin\Debug\DAL.pdb
C:\Users\vinud\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KuriApp\KuriApp\obj\Debug\KuriApp.Sub_forms.Area.resources
C:\Users\vinud\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KuriApp\KuriApp\obj\Debug\KuriApp.Sub_forms.Division.resources
C:\Users\vinud\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KuriApp\KuriApp\obj\Debug\KuriApp.Sub_forms.Form1.resources
C:\Users\vinud\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KuriApp\KuriApp\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.cache
C:\Users\vinud\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KuriApp\KuriApp\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.compiled
C:\Users\vinud\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KuriApp\KuriApp\bin\Debug\Reports\userReport.rdlc
C:\Users\vinud\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KuriApp\KuriApp\obj\Debug\KuriApp.Reports.AuctionHistory.resources
C:\Users\vinud\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KuriApp\KuriApp\bin\Debug\Reports\auctionReport.rdlc
